Add Sumo Logic documentation. (#3715)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/insights.md

![header]({{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/docs/insights-current-build.png)

- **Build Status:** The Insights dashboard shows the last 50 builds for your default branch. Click a branch in the top right corner to access over 100 build/job statuses for the selected branch.

- **Build Performance:** The Build Performance graph aggregates your build/job data for a particular day and plots the median for that day going back as far as 90 days. Monitor the performance of your repo by clicking a particular branch.

## See Also

Refer to the [Collecting Test Metadata]({{ site.baseurl }}/2.0/collect-test-data/) document for instructions to configure insights into your most failed tests.

## Sumo Logic Integration

> Sumo Logic users may now track and visualize analytical data  across all of their jobs on CircleCI by utilizing the new Sumo Logic Orb and CircleCI App for Sumo Logic app integration on Sumo Logic's partner integrations site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sumo Logic users may track and visualize analytical data across all of their jobs on CircleCI. To do so, use the  Sumo Logic Orb and Sumo Logic app integration from the Sumo Logic partner integrations site.
```

### The CircleCI Dashboard for Sumo Logic

> ![header]({{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/docs/CircleCI_SumoLogic_Dashboard.png)

Reviewer: this needs a description for 508 compliance (images must have descriptive alt text).

Included panels:

- Total Job
- Total Successful Jobs
- Total Failed Jobs
- Job Outcome
- Average Runtime in Seconds (by Job)
- Jobs By Projects
- Recent Jobs (latest 10)
- Top 10 Slowest Failed Jobs In Seconds
- Top 10 Slowest Successful Jobs In Seconds

> You can install the CircleCI dashboard via the App Catalog from the dashboard home page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the CircleCI dashboard by using the App Catalog from the dashboard home page.
```

![header]({{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/docs/sumologic_app_catalog.png)

> This dashboard receives data via the CircleCI Sumo Logic orb which must be included in your projects to be tracked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This dashboard receives data through the CircleCI Sumo Logic orb which must be included in your projects to be tracked.
```

### The Sumo Logic Orb

> You can find the latest version of the Sumo Logic orb on the [Orb Registry](https://circleci.com/orbs/registry/orb/circleci/sumologic).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find the latest version of the Sumo Logic orb on the [Orb Registry](https://circleci.com/orbs/registry/orb/circleci/sumologic).
```

#### 1. Import the Sumo Logic orb.

> Add the Sumo Logic orb to your project by including the top-level "orbs" key and import `circleci/sumologic@x.y.z` as `sumologic`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the Sumo Logic orb to your project by including the top-level `orbs` key and import `circleci/sumologic@x.y.z` as follows, replacing `x.y.z` with the latest version number at the link above.
```

```yaml
orbs:
  sumologic: circleci/sumologic@x.y.z
```

#### 2. Add _Workflow-Collector_ to Workflow.

> The `workflow-collector` is a job that will run in parallel along side your workflow and send anyalytics to Sumo Logic until all of the jobs in your Workflow have complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `workflow-collector` is a job that will run in parallel along side your workflow and send anyalytics to Sumo Logic until all of the jobs in your workflow have completed.
```

```yaml
version: 2.1
workflows:
  build-test-and-deploy:
    jobs:
      - sumologic/workflow-collector # add this job to track workflow.
      - build
      - test:
          requires:
            - build
      - deploy:
          requires:
            - test
```
#### 3. Create two source collectors.

> You will need to create two "source collectors" on Sumo Logic which will return an HTTPS URL which will be used to send your job data to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to create two *source collectors* on Sumo Logic which will return an HTTPS URL. Your job data will be sent to this HTTPS URL.
```

> You will need to create one called `circleci/job-collector` and another called `circleciworkflow-collector`.

Reviewer 2: minor typo -> `circleci/workflow-collector`

To create the two source collectors:
1. From the dashboard select the **Setup Wizard**.
2. Select **Set Up Streaming Data**.
3. Scroll to the bottom and select **All Other Sources**.
4. Select **HTTPS Source**
5. For the `Source Category` enter one of the two mentioned above.
6. Save the resulting URL.

#### 4. Add environment variables.

> For each of the URLs produce in the previous step, create the corrisponding environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each of the URLs produce in the previous step, create the corresponding environment variable.
```

Env vars:
- `JOB_HTTP_SOURCE`
- `WORKFLOW_HTTP_SOURCE`

> **[How to add an environment variable to your project.]({{ site.baseurl }}/env-vars/#setting-an-environment-variable-in-a-project)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[How to add an environment variable to your project.]({{ site.baseurl }}2.0/env-vars/#setting-an-environment-variable-in-a-project)**
```

This will link the orb with your Sumo Logic dashboard.

> That's all! Your Sumo Logic dashboard will now begin to populate with data as each job runs on CircleCI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your Sumo Logic dashboard will now begin to populate with data as each job runs on CircleCI.
```
